First version of AWS S3 setup guide (#708)
man-group/ArcticDB: docs/mkdocs/docs/aws.md

Best practices with AWS S3 can depend on your situation.  If you're looking to try ArcticDB on AWS S3 then a reasonably simple approach is the following.

### 1. Create an IAM user

Best practice is to manage and access S3 buckets with a Non-root IAM account in AWS.   Ideally create a new account just for trialling ArcticDB.

You can create an IAM account at [IAM > Users](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iamv2/home#/users).
- Click `Add users`.
- Come up with a username, e.g. `arcticdbtrial`, then click `Next`.
- Select `Attach policies directly` and attach the `AmazonS3FullAccess` policy to that account, then click `Next`.
- Click `Create user`.

### 2. Create the access key

- Click on the new user in the [IAM > Users](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iamv2/home#/users) table.
- Go to `Security credentials` > `Access keys` and click `Create access Key`
- Select the `Local code` option, ArcticDB is the local code.
- Check `I understand...` and click `Next`.
- Click `Create access Key`.
- Record the Access key and Secret access key somewhere securely.

### 3. Create the bucket

> The rest of the steps can be performed using commands on your client machine.  Install the [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html) if needed.

Reviewer: I think that creating the bucket in the AWS GUI might be easier for novice users. Also, installing the CLI requires admin (Windows) / sudoers access, which might be hard to get on a corporate machine.

Author: Another option is to use boto3, users already need to be able to install python packages for ArcticDB, so it's a smaller expectation.

> The rest of the steps can be performed using commands on your client machine.  Install the [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html) if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rest of the steps can be performed using commands on your client machine. Install the [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html) if you do not already have it installed.
```

> Configure your client machine to use the new account with the Access key and Secret access key.

Reviewer: I found this a bit confusing. I wasn't sure if you were saying I needed to figure out for myself how to do this bit, or if the `aws configure` below would do it all for me (which it did).

Author: reworded

You will also need to select an [AWS region](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html).
Selecting a region that is local to your ArcticDB client will improve performance.
```

> aws configure

Reviewer: Screenshot of how to configure? Like the below I assume?

```
PS C:\Users\alexb> aws configure
AWS Access Key ID [None]: <REDACTED>
AWS Secret Access Key [None]: <REDACTED>
Default region name [None]: eu-west-2
Default output format [None]:
```

Author: done inline instead

```

Create a new bucket.  Bucket names must be globally unique so you will need to come up with your own.
```

> aws s3 mb s3://arcticdbtrial

Reviewer: Use a placeholder for the bucket name <BUCKET_NAME> throughout? Also a bit confusing that the bucket name matches the user name, so harder for the reader to make good guesses about what is going on

Author: done

```

### 4. Connect to the bucket

Using the example of `eu-west-2` for the region and `arcticdbtrial` for the bucket with authentication setup provided by `aws configure`.
```python

> from arcticdb import Arctic

Reviewer: `arcticdb` must be installed first

Author: done

> arctic = Arctic('s3://s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com:arcticdbtrial?aws_auth=true')

Reviewer: Maybe include a reasonableness check here? If basic write/read/delete/list works then we can be sure the connectivity is OK, and demote the "checking connectivity" to a troubleshooting guide?

```
>>> from arcticdb import Arctic
>>> bucket = "aseaton-20230814-arcticdbtrial"
>>> arctic = Arctic(f"s3://s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com:{bucket}?aws_auth=true")
>>> arctic.list_libraries()
[]
>>> arctic.create_library("test_lib")
>>> lib = arctic["test_lib"]
>>> import pandas as pd
>>> lib.write("symbol", pd.DataFrame())
VersionedItem(symbol='symbol', library='test_lib', data=n/a, version=0, metadata=None, host='S3(endpoint=s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com, bucket=aseaton-20230814-arcticdbtrial)')
>>> lib.read("symbol")
VersionedItem(symbol='symbol', library='test_lib', data=<class 'pandas.core.frame.DataFrame'>, version=0, metadata=None, host='S3(endpoint=s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com, bucket=aseaton-20230814-arcticdbtrial)')
>>> lib.read("symbol").data
Empty DataFrame
Columns: []
Index: []
>>> lib.delete("symbol")
>>> lib.list_symbols()
```

Author: My concern about this is that ArcticDB uses multiple backends and we can't exercise the S3 permissions individually, and so the errors may not be obvious enough.  I'll leave as an improvement for later.

```

## Checking connectivity to the S3 bucket.

ArcticDB currently uses five S3 methods, those are:
- GetObject
- PutObject
- HeadObject
- DeleteObject
- ListObjectsV2

Here is a short script you can use to check connectivity to a bucket from your client.  If this works, then the configuration should be correct for read and write with ArcticDB.

Replace `YOUR_BUCKET_NAME` below.  This script assumes you've setup `~/.aws/credentials` with `aws configure`.  

> ```python

Reviewer: document the dependencies and how to install them

Author: done
